[BYOIP] Address Maps GA (#15175)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/byoip/address-maps.md

---
title: Address Maps
pcx_content_type: concept
weight: 5
---

# IP Address Maps

> The {{<glossary-tooltip term_id="address map">}}address map{{</glossary-tooltip>}} is  a data structure enabling customers with BYOIP prefixes or account-level Static IPs to specify which IP addresses should be mapped to a domain or zone’s DNS records when they are proxied through Cloudflare.

Reviewer: Do we need `Static IPs` in title case? Is it a feature? Or just "static IPs"?

> For an address map to take effect, DNS records within the mapped zone must be set to [proxied](/dns/manage-dns-records/reference/proxied-dns-records/) or orange-clouded. When a zone is proxied, [Cloudflare authoritative DNS](/dns/manage-dns-records/how-to/create-dns-records/) will respond with the address(es) on the address map. Address maps do not change [how Cloudflare reaches the configured origin](/fundamentals/concepts/how-cloudflare-works/#how-cloudflare-works-as-a-reverse-proxy); the IP addresses defined on the **DNS** > **Records** under your zone continue to instruct Cloudflare how to reach the origin.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For an address map to take effect, DNS records within the mapped zone must be set to [proxied](/dns/manage-dns-records/reference/proxied-dns-records/) through Cloudflare. When a zone is proxied, [Cloudflare authoritative DNS](/dns/manage-dns-records/how-to/create-dns-records/) will respond with the address(es) on the address map. Address maps do not change [how Cloudflare reaches the configured origin](/fundamentals/concepts/how-cloudflare-works/#how-cloudflare-works-as-a-reverse-proxy); the IP addresses defined on the **DNS** > **Records** under your zone continue to instruct Cloudflare how to reach the origin.
```

Reviewer: I'd removed `orange-clouded`. In this sentence it just means proxied, right? I'd removed it because it's meaningless to customers outside of Cloudflare and might create confusion. This sentence also reads as if orange-clouded is another setting that zones must be set to.

{{<Aside type="note">}}
IPv4 and IPv6 addresses are both supported.
{{</Aside>}}

If you do not have BYOIP or static IPs and you want to use Address Maps, contact your account manager to purchase static IPs or bring your own IP addresses to Cloudflare.

## How to use Address Maps

For domains using Cloudflare authoritative DNS, we typically respond to DNS queries with [Cloudflare anycast IPs](/fundamentals/concepts/cloudflare-ip-addresses/). If you [customize the IPs Cloudflare uses](/fundamentals/concepts/cloudflare-ip-addresses/#customize-cloudflare-ip-addresses), by leasing static Cloudflare IPs or bringing your own IPs (BYOIP), use Address Maps to specify which IPs to return for which hostnames.

| Leased static IPs | BYOIPs |
| --- | --- |
| <div style="width:350px">Use a set of specifically assigned Cloudflare IPs to ensure they do not change. Cloudflare creates an address map with your static IPs that you may edit. You cannot create another map using your static IPs.</div> | <div style="width:350px">Use your IPs by bringing an address space you lease/own and creating an address map.</div> |

> ### Create address maps

Reviewer: Above you had "Address Maps", here you have "address maps". Just a note to be careful and double check when you're talking about the product/feature vs a regular noun.

This question applies to all H3 below, where you're talking about creating and editing Address Maps, and sometimes it's title-cased, others it's not
